Now welcome to this third lesson of the concurrency course.
At this point you know how to start and how to manage a thread.
You know the differences between a thread and a task and you can use
the promised future construct to pass data from a color thread to a worker thread.
Some of the major disadvantages of promises and futures are
their one-time use on the one hand and the fact that
you can only pass data in one direction on the other hand.
Based on what you know until now,
it is not possible to access a shared memory location to freely exchange
information because there's always the danger of data races lurking in the shadows.
In this lesson, you will get the tools to change this.
With the help of mutexes and blocks,
you will be able to protect share data from concurrent access and
ensure that information can be safely written and read from a location.
Also, we will take a look at
the new hazard and concurrent programming which is deadlocks.
At the end there is a lesson project waiting for you which will extend
the traffic simulation with some new concurrency features.
So don't lose any time and start with this lesson.
See you again soon.